Added Azure.Storage.DefenderCloud.MalwareScan (#2224)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.Storage.DefenderCloud.MalwareScan.md

This can be helpful when:

- To protect storage accounts from malicious content, especially when content in the storage account is uploaded from untrusted sources (customers and partners, anonymous users, etc.)
- To comply with compliance standards that require on-upload malware scanning for noncompute resources (NIST, SWIFT, UK GOV, and more), and collecting the necessary evidence for compliance audits.

When the malware scan identifies a malicious file, detailed Microsoft Defenders for Cloud security alerts are generated.

Malware Scanning in Microsoft Defender for Storage can be enabled at the resource level. However, the general recommandation is to enable it at the subscription level and by doing so ensures all storage accounts in the subscription will be protected, including future ones. Defender for Storage settings on each storage account is inherited by the subscription level settings.

It is also worth to mention that the resouce level enablement can be useful when:

- Override subscription level settings to configure specific storage accounts with custom malware scanning settings that differ from the settings configured at the subscription level.

## RECOMMENDATION

> Consider using Malware Scanning in Microsoft Defender for Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider enabling Malware Scanning using Microsoft Defender for Storage on the Storage Account.
Alternatively, enable Malware Scanning for all Storage Accounts within a subscription.
```
